the real madrid turned in to put the
athletic of madrid in the match of
return of the semifinals of the cup
Your majesty the king
to the current tournament champion the set
of ancelotti was superior in the match
disputed in the bernabéu leads to the
straight from 3 to 0 on the scoreboard and on
first moments of the match also
sentenced the meeting in the pilot
with enough changes in the alignment
headline I went back to abarán returned
boxes as usual in the
Cup matches and this penalty
bench on Christian ronaldo
indicated by undiano mallenco without doubts
after seeing the action of the side of the
young side of TV or mari about
the portuguese let's see the action
repeated there is the contact and then
Christian falls
undiano points penalty aranzubía in the
goal the Portuguese got the goal
404 number of his career the so much that
put the party on track and
practically sentenced the
eliminator for Real Madrid when
the fans were even in some
case
Placing himself in his chair in the Vicente
calderón the smile of simeone this is
the opportunity to tie the shot
Raul Garcia leaves the stick
box goal is the occasion that
had the athletic one of madrid- to put
the tie to one to put in some
I tighten the set of ancelotti with
this taco nazo disk was going to appear
gareth bale insúa commits a penalty not
doubt undiano mallenco which is even more
clear
that in the first penalty we will see
because it occurs within the area
of the kick in the ankle down
Christian ronaldo repeated the launch
Aranzubía tried to stop him but for
the same site with the same power with
the same solvency and with the same
Christian security ronaldo scored 0
to 2 that would be definitive and that killed
completely the tie so
reflected in the gesture in the rictus in the
face of the fans of the vicente
Calderón just that error in the output
of the ancelotti team
caused the theft of diego rivas and the
ball so that the onion rodríguez
try to put iker in trouble
boxes' an athletic one of madrid- also
with enough changes in the team
headline
this is the play of the yellow card
for ronaldo Christian that in the end
would be the bench injury but not
because christian jumping with one arm
open went into a force that yes
disproportionate but look at the
tremendous fall that has caused the
cervical sprain in the young lateral
the TV gave Madrid that has had to
be removed on a stretcher and that
finalized the first part well
a hospital has had to be evacuated
so that it is realizasen the
relevant medical tests if in the
first leg pp
with Diego Costa and with Arbeloa
had stiff in the second leg has
been raúl garcía with xabi alonso who
has had some raid that ended
with that action at the end of the first
45 minutes
I had to put peace sergio ramos- a
ronaldo Christian who was interested in
manquillo I insist that it had to be
evacuated by a cervical sprain
after a tremendous fall and this is
the image of the party he rounds that
Christian ronaldo is brought before life
from sergio ramos who was smiling with
what was the Portuguese saying
until you realize the impact of
lighter in the head of Christian
ronaldo that
It was included in the record
Malian undian changes in the second
part went in nacho retired sergio
We were aware that it was sanctioned and
I could see a yellow card that
would have prevented him from contesting the final and
also the pique that continued with xabi
alonso and with raúl garcía I was going to
try carvajal with that second joke
stick the clearest opportunity of the
second part was also for the real
madrid with that shot to the chest of
aranzubia de cristiano ronaldo after
he sleeps arbeloa he meets
the ball at the penalty spot and not
hit hit with aranzubia
misplaced retired Christian
ronaldo with yellow card did not want
risks carlo ancelotti came out in his
place that I was going to cause this
Miranda's nudge the slap
yellow card
the footballer for the Brazilian central
even takes the channel
malian evil in a match that
moments he remembered the tension of
meeting of santiago bernabéu and this
is the clearest of the second part the
shot of soda and the great intervention
of iker boxes after the left of
coke to close a match
with little football to a tie
dominated by real madrid and for a
eliminatory after all that supposes
the elimination of the champion the real
madrid will dispute the final of the cup
his majesty the king has left out the
champion waits for real rival
society-barcelona